# Notebook
ANALYSE USER BEHAVIOR AND OPTIMISE THE USER WORKFLOW USING A MACHINE LEARNING ALGORITHM

E-Commerce, also known as E-Business, or electronic business, is simply the sale and purchase of services and goods over an electronic medium, like the Internet.  It also involves electronically transferring data and funds between two or more parties. Selling products through an online shop is the best way to make a bit of extra money. Through an eCommerce website, you can easily introduce your products to a large number of customers at once. There are so many benefits of eCommerce websites over physical shops and proper analysis of our online stategies will help us to get there. You don’t need to be a tech geek to build a website for your business, but you should be, when it comes to its analysis and optimisation part. I have created my website using an e-commerce platform called "wix", and it comes with various pages and features. By linking Google Analytics to my website helps me to know my visitors, their demands, and by proper content analysis will help you to reach valuable insights. What to say, "It's a world of data!". Remember, "the content may be the king, but the data is it's queen!". In order to optimise the user workflow, firstly we need to know how they behaves and for this we need to have access to clickstream data. By adding custom dimensions to Google Analytics and after data processing, we will be able to generate the clickstream data. Markov chains in Python language are used to create models from the data and by interpreting the transaction diagram and heat map, we can provide our UX designers with suggestions for optimising the workflow.
